Entity removal (#1453)
cedar-policy/cedar: cedar-policy/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added ability to remove `Entity`s from an `Entities` struct (resolving #701)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `Entities::remove_entities()`, allowing you to remove `Entity`s from an `Entities` struct (resolving #701)
```

> - Added `Entities::remove_entities()`, allowing you to remove `Entity`s from an `Entities` struct (resolving #701)

Reviewer 2: We can avoid the "allowing you" and make it more concise:
```suggestion
- Added `Entities::remove_entities()` to remove `Entity`s from an `Entities` struct (resolving #701)
```
